+++
title = 'Kold'
date = 2025-01-27T21:09:43+05:00
draft = true
blog_tags = []
+++

When we're born, we don't get to pick our names. Some of us have names that 
don't really match who we are on the inside, so they pick their own names. But
by and large most of us do just fine with the name that was given to us. I did
just fine with the name I was given too, right up until I joined the internet.

Everybody picks their own name on the internet, for better or for worse. The
first username I can remember picking was "Fallbill" for my kongregate account.
Fallbill didn't stick very long. Like all of my other names to follow, I picked
it on a whim. I was "Tenderdragon" for a bit on some places, my mother really 
liked that one, but that one didn't really stick with me either.

Finally in 4th or 5th grade, I was picking a username in a pirated copy of 
Minecraft Pocket Edition, and I picked the username that I would use to this 
day, "Kold". It's not particularly creative, nor is it particularly interesting.
Again, it's a name that I picked on a whim. Though unlike the others, it's not
without meaning to me.

As a child, I was very resistant to the cold. Pakistani Winters were mild and I
could usually survive chilly days without a jacket and without shivers. As a 
matter of pride and childish machismo, I would wear summer clothes around a 
month and a half into winter; until the school would force me to switch. One 
of the consequences of this flagrant regard for temperature and a genetic
predisposition to chilly hands, my hands were always _freezing_ cold. Not that
I would feel it, but others hated shaking hands with me. 

I wonder now if it was my relationship with the cold that shaped the name, or
the name that shaped my relationship with the cold. It's too far back to 
remember now, perhaps it was a little of both.

Though I don't think the fact that Kold had meaning was the reason it stuck. It
was probably because Kold was infectious. Kold became my email, my gamer tag, 
and most importantly for this story: my discord.


